acce|accent|tabnine|
a|accent|tabnine|
accen|accent|tabnine|
config|config=''|tabnine|S
s|spotify|file|
sna|snap|file|
|angel|file|
histor|history=''|tabnine|S
separ|separated by " + str()|tabnine|S
numb|number|tabnine|
toge|together|tabnine|
3|3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9|tabnine|
number|number = ""|tabnine|S
num|number|tabnine|
3|3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9|tabnine|
return|return 0;|tabnine
Hello|Hello, world|tabnine
stdio.h>|stdio.h>|tabnine
cyan|cyan ctermfg=|tabnine
fg_group|fg_group = "#"|tabnine
fore|foreground = bg_widget,|tabnine
groupco|groupColor,|tabnine
group|groupColor|around
bac|background|tabnine
Sp|Spacer(width=10),|tabnine
wid|widget.|tabnine
width|width = 10|tabnine
Space|Spacer()|tabnine
w|will|tabnine
marg|margin_x|around
back|background = bg,|tabnine
open|open_menu|tabnine
button|Button1|tabnine
text|text = ''|tabnine
format|format|tabnine
location|location|tabnine
Co|Columns|tabnine
back|background =|tabnine
back|background = bg|tabnine
bg_li|bg_light|tabnine
paddin|padding =|tabnine
font|fontsize = 18,|tabnine
bg|bg_light|tabnine
foreg|foreground|tabnine
back|background|tabnine
ba|background = bg|tabnine
fg_|fg_light = "#"|tabnine
repeat|repeat_text = ''|tabnine
variation|variation[]|tabnine
foreg|foregrount|tabnine
fore|foregrount|tabnine
variatio|variation[1],|tabnine
variation|variation = []|tabnine
vlc|vlc.set|tabnine
text|text = ""|tabnine
vol|volume|tabnine
channel|channels = 2|tabnine
bg_color|bg_color =|tabnine
w|window|tabnine
off|offset: -|tabnine
locaton|location:|tabnine
font|fontsize = 50|tabnine
foreg|foreground = colors[|tabnine
co|colors[0][1],|tabnine
color|colors[]|tabnine
active|active_color =|tabnine
font|fontsize =|tabnine
colo|colors[1][0],|tabnine
widg|widget.TextBox()|tabnine
colo|colors[1][]|tabnine
wid|widget|tabnine
cc|CC000000|tabnine
panding|panding|tabnine
alig|align = 'center',|tabnine
font|fontsize = 15,|tabnine
foregro|foreground = colors[2][1],|tabnine
border|border_color =|tabnine
hig|highlight_color|tabnine
00fff|00ffff|tabnine
ffff|ffffff|around
foreground|foreground = ''|tabnine
border_focus|border_focus|tabnine
backgrou|background =|tabnine
resto|restore|tabnine
|1217194.jpg|tabnine
RANDOM|RANDOM|tabnine
wall|wallpapers|file
sh|sh|file